What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

  This creates a new git repository. In order to start tracking file
  changes git needs to be initialized.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

  the staging area has not been committed therefore it does note actively affect
  the repository. it allows for changes before committing a file to a repository

How can you use the stagin are to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

  once a file is added to a staging area you can simply call git status and it will
  display all the files waiting to be commited. Before committing the file you can
  check the differences from the repository by using git diff --staged

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organize?How would branches help?

  Some situtations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized
  are for example when adding a new experimental feature to your code or when creating
  a new version in a different language.Branches keep things organized by having different
  names that we can use.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

  Diagrams show how each commit is connected to a branch and what commits will not be
  traceable after checking out a branch. It can also be used to track changes in each
  branch

what is the result of merging two branches together?Why do we represent it in the diagram
the way we do?

  the result of merging two branches together is a complete solution from two separate branches
 if there were any changes introduced in either this will be reflected in the new branch
 the diagram shows the different parents and what will be included in the merge.

 What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

   The pros of automatic merging vs always doing merges manually is that git will display
   any conflicts and your versions will be up to date.
